[New] Show realistic light and shadows (#151)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Show realistic light and shadows/README.md

# Show realistic light and shadows

Show realistic lighting and shadows for a given time of day.

> ![Image of realistic lighting and shadows](realistic-lighting-and-shadows.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Image of Show realistic light and shadows sample](show-realistic-light-and-shadows.png)
```
Please fix the name. (one of the purposes of having "URL to README" in the PR template 😏
